---
name: Jordan Raynor
description: Founder and CEO, Vocreo
picture: jordan_raynor.jpg
---
Jordan Raynor is the Founder and CEO of Vocreo. Vocreo marks Jordan's third time leading an agency. Most recently, Jordan served on the executive team at Engage, deemed a "mega-interactive agency" by Mashable. At Engage, Jordan's team led digital strategy for some of the most premier organizations in the world, including Google, Boeing, Quora, the NCAA, John Boehner, and Paul Ryan. In 2011, Engage acquired Jordan"s first agency, Direct Media Strategies. At Direct Media Strategies, Jordan led the ideation and creation of Foursquare's first "I Voted" badge. Jordan is also a Co-founder of Citizinvestor, the largest crowdfunding platform for civic projects in the United States. He is also the best-selling author of Startup Stories: Lessons Learned from a Startup's Launch, Grind, and Growth. In 2013, Jordan was named one of four appointees to the State of Florida's User Experience Task Force. He has twice been selected as a Google Fellow and served as a White House intern in 2006. A highly sought-after public speaker, Jordan has spoken at major events such as TEDx, SXSW, the World Forum for Democracy, and The Guardian's Activate Summit. When Jordan is not launching new ventures and helping other entrepreneurs do the same, he is most likely spending time with his wife Kara and their newborn daughter. If you're ever looking to strike-up a conversation with Jordan, the topics of technology, politics, travel, design, and books are sure-fire ways to get his attention.
